Week 1:
  We had a meeting and decided the scheduled time to have meeting every week.
  Created communication group via Messager and Teams to communicate as group more efficient and convenient.
  We shared ideas with each other and decided on the projects we chose to complete.
  Decided what language will be used in our project.
  Start to work on project proposal. Thinking how many functionalities we will have in this project and assign work about user stories.
  Finished user stories about manager, authentication, and think about new features.

Week 2:
  We had a meeting at scheduled time.
  Talked about our user stories to make them better and think about new features, also decide our novel functionalities.
  Work on project proposal.
  Assign work to each group member, I will finish background, user stories and sprints parts, find existing systems then identify their drawbacks
  Also doing system architecture part.

Week 3:
 We had a meeting at our scheduled time as usual.
 Done work assign to me and also modify about the part a(background, problem and solution) and some of the part b(exsiting system and drawbacks) to make these better.
 We make sure about exact functionalities we will work on.
 Start work on back end staff.
 Set up enviroment, install what our back end group need to use like Django, build the foundation.


Week 4:
 We had a meeting at our scheduled time as usual.
 Create different branch named as our each member's name for backend work.
 Work on authentication by using django and database staff.

Week 5:
 We had a meeting at our scheduled time as usual - to talk about our implement of sprint 1 also consider what we will done in sprint 2.
 Done what we need do in sprint one in backend part - 
  auth part done also make progress for customers' menu and order part
 Do more about orders part, there are some questions that we desicuss about which is how the orders table look like, we need add what things into it.
 Try to understand what type our project need to better connect backend and frontend

Week 6:
 We had a meeting at our scheduled time as usual - discuss about work and check the progress, also we talk about the retrospective report A.
 Find still have problem with the connection between frontend and backend about the menu and order part.
 Try my best to solve these issues - should return JSON reponse for better connection.
 Doing the sprint 2 part of backend - improve our User authentication part

Week 7:
 We had a meeting at our scheduled time as usual - update all our work.
 For the backend, we done the shop cart and order part.
 When we connect our work with frontend, there is problem - we spend much time to solve it, have meetings like 3 or 4 days.

Week 8:
 We had many meetings this week, to discuss about our work progression for both backend and frontend.
 Done the booking part and add more functionalities for shop cart and order part.
 Fix some bugs with my team members.
 Had meeting to talk about our retrospective B report.

Week 9:
 We had many meetings this week, to discuss about our work progression for both backend and frontend.
 Done all the work for backend.
 Fix some bugs with my team members.

Week 10:
 We had many meetins this week, cause we need submit our work before due time so we keep checking and improving our code.
 Test our project in VM environment.
 Work on final report.
 Improve our work for better implement of our project
