Week 1:
  We form our group and discuss each projectÕs cons and pros, then we decided to work on project 5.
  We discussed in detail the various aspects of project 5 and take a brainstorm about new features.
  On Saturday, we meet in teams to talked about the tech stack and we decided to use React as our front-end framework and I would work on front-end with Neve.
Week 2:
  We took a meeting to talk about schedule of next two weeks, and I worked on staff page design including orders, customer requests, menu editing.
  I have search for certain UI design apps to help us complete demo design.

Week 3:
  I have completed UI design for staff and manager part.
  Neve and I talked about the UI style, and mofified mine to fit Neve's style.
  I learn certain courses about React and tried to work on front end coding tasks.

Wee 4:
  I have leant react framework and work on completing authentication part.
  And I tried to connect front end part and back end part, and work with back end team to solve the return issue to make front end could catch right return value.
  I modified log in and sign up html files.

Week 5:
  I worked out how to use axios and URLSearchParams, connected backend and frontend sucessfully, 
  implemented authentication part with get and post method under react framework. 
  Team up with backend team to set the json return format and status codes, 
  debugged CORS problems in backend and frontend, 
  debugged and solved csrf problems. 

Week 6:
 Worked with backend team to check and validfy return value
 Worked with backend team and debug Django problems
 
Week 7:
 Design kitchen staff UI and complete fix API bugs
 Complete kitchen staff pages design and logic.
Week 8:
 Complete AUTH part fix tasks, modify navigation bar into "Login" status and "log out" status
  
Week 9:
  fix all bugs, prepare for the demonstration
Week 10:
  Fix all bugs we found during the demo and add non-negative number insert function into front end. And work on completing final report. 
